doc(release) Release notes awie 24.04.4 (#4995)
centreon/centreon-documentation: i18n/fr/docusaurus-plugin-content-docs/version-24.04/releases/centreon-os.mdx

## Centreon AWIE

### 24.04.4

Release date: `January 26, 2026`

<details>

<summary>Bug fixes</summary>

> - [AWIE] Fixed a blocking issue "Uncaught ReferenceError: submitForm is not defined".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [AWIE] Fixed an issue with the configuration import/export page that resulted in the "Uncaught ReferenceError: submitForm is not defined" message.
```
